Readme.md, before:

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Initial code description

`analysis/01_tabular.R`

-   recodes columns in a more concise way
-   generates summarizing table to show the overall distribution of PHQ-9 and GAD-7 score
-   saves table as a `.rds` object in `output/` folder

`analysis/02_graph.R`

-   generates two graphs to show the overall distribution of PHQ-9 and GAD-7 score and the proposed cut point of depression diagnosis.
-   saves graph as a `.rds` object in `output/` folder

`analysis/03_render.R`

-   renders `report.Rmd`

`report.Rmd`

-   reads table generated by `analysis/01_tabular.R`
-   reads graph generated by `analysis/02_graph.R`
-   makes the table and graph for the PHQ-9 and GAD-7 score distribution

`Makefile`

-   contains rules for make the report
-   contains rules for update R project environment

## Generate the report

1.  Clone the repository via `git clone`

2.  Generate the final report In the terminal

    run `make`

3.  Remove all files generated running `make` In the terminal

    run `make clean`

Commit message:

add the dockerfile and make rule for docker run

Readme.md, after:

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Initial code description

`analysis/01_tabular.R`

-   recodes columns in a more concise way
-   generates summarizing table to show the overall distribution of PHQ-9 and GAD-7 score
-   saves table as a `.rds` object in `output/` folder

`analysis/02_graph.R`

-   generates two graphs to show the overall distribution of PHQ-9 and GAD-7 score and the proposed cut point of depression diagnosis.
-   saves graph as a `.rds` object in `output/` folder

`analysis/03_render.R`

-   renders `report.Rmd`

`report.Rmd`

-   reads table generated by `analysis/01_tabular.R`
-   reads graph generated by `analysis/02_graph.R`
-   makes the table and graph for the PHQ-9 and GAD-7 score distribution

`Makefile`

-   contains rules for make the report
-   contains rules for update R project environment

## Generate the report locally 

1.  Generate the final report In the terminal

    run `make report.html`

2.  Clean up

    run `make clean`

## Generate the report through docker

1.  Build the Docker Image

    run `make project_image`

2.  Run the Docker Container, mount the final_report folder and generate the report

    run `make final_report/report.html`

3.  Clean up

    run `make clean`
